extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.DS_Store
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_135608.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_135644.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_135720.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_135752.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_140018.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_140049.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_140125.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_140159.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_140251.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_140322.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_140354.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_140423.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_150743.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_150823.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_150853.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_150920.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_150949.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_151014.png
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots/visual_feedback_20250825_151035.png
find: write error
---
extracted_backup/agent_workspace
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/.browser_screenshots
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/ai-gym-frontend
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/ai-gym-frontend/src
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/ai-gym-frontend/src/components
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/ai-gym-frontend/src/components/content
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/ai-gym-frontend/src/components/layout
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/ai-gym-frontend/src/components/modals
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/ai-gym-frontend/src/components/ui
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/ai-gym-frontend/src/contexts
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/ai-gym-frontend/src/hooks
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/ai-gym-frontend/src/pages
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/ai-gym-frontend/src/pages/content
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/ai-gym-frontend/src/pages/training-zone
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/ai-gym-frontend/src/pages/training-zone/components
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/ai-gym-frontend/src/pages/training-zone/components/block-editors
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/browser_extension
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/browser_extension/error_capture
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/extracted_content
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/screenshots
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/AutofillStrikeDatabase
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/BudgetDatabase
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Cache
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Cache/Cache_Data
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Cache/Cache_Data/index-dir
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/ClientCertificates
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Code Cache
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Code Cache/js
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Code Cache/js/index-dir
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Code Cache/wasm
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Code Cache/wasm/index-dir
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/DawnGraphiteCache
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/DawnWebGPUCache
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Download Service
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Download Service/EntryDB
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Extension Rules
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Extension Scripts
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Extension State
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Feature Engagement Tracker
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Feature Engagement Tracker/AvailabilityDB
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Feature Engagement Tracker/EventDB
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/GCM Store
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/GCM Store/Encryption
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/GPUCache
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Local Storage
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Local Storage/leveldb
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/PersistentOriginTrials
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Segmentation Platform
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Segmentation Platform/SegmentInfoDB
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Segmentation Platform/SignalDB
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Segmentation Platform/SignalStorageConfigDB
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Service Worker
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Service Worker/Database
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Service Worker/ScriptCache
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Service Worker/ScriptCache/index-dir
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Session Storage
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Sessions
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Shared Dictionary
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Site Characteristics Database
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Sync Data
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/Sync Data/LevelDB
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/VideoDecodeStats
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/WebStorage
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/WebStorage/12
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/WebStorage/12/CacheStorage
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/WebStorage/12/IndexedDB
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/WebStorage/12/IndexedDB/indexeddb.leveldb
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/chrome_cart_db
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/commerce_subscription_db
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/discounts_db
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/optimization_guide_hint_cache_store
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/parcel_tracking_db
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/shared_proto_db
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Default/shared_proto_db/metadata
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/Dictionaries
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/GrShaderCache
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/GraphiteDawnCache
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/ShaderCache
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/component_crx_cache
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/extensions_crx_cache
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/browser/user_data/segmentation_platform
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/charts
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/debugging
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/development_fixes
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/dist
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/dist/assets
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/docs
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/external_api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/external_api/data_sources
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/extract
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/memory
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/public
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/reports
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/section-header-demo
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/shell_output_save
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/__tests__
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/components
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/components/content
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/components/layout
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/components/modals
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/components/shared
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/components/shared/PageBuilder
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/components/training-zone
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/components/training-zone/components
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/components/training-zone/components/block-editors
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/components/training-zone/components/program-builder
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/components/ui
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/contexts
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/hooks
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/lib
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/lib/api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/lib/hooks
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/lib/providers
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/lib/stores
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/pages
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/pages/content
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/test
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/src/types
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/cron_jobs
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/docs
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/achievements-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/admin-dashboard-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/admin-login-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/ai-chat
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/analytics-computation-cron
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/analytics-dashboard
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/automated-content-generator
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/automated-reports
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/bulk-upload-users
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/clone-community-template
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/community-management
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/content-repository-manager
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/conversation-history
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/courses-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/create-admin-user
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/create-bucket-assets-temp
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/create-bucket-content-thumbnails-temp
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/create-community-template
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/enhanced-file-upload
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/enhanced-progress-tracking
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/image-upload
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/learning-path-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/learning-path-validator
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/manage-user-tags
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/mastery-assessment-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/milestone-validation-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/page-builder-bulk-create
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/page-builder-content-generator
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/page-structure-manager
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/pdf-upload
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/process-csv-upload
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/program-enrollment-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/programs-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/setup-admin
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/setup-admin-final
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/simple-wods-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/streak-tracking-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/system-health-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/track-user-activity
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/track-user-progress
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/update-user-password
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/functions/wods-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/tests
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/tests/achievements
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/supabase/tests/enhanced-progress
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/ai-gym-frontend/user_input_files
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/charts
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/memory
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/migrations
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/reports
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/section-header-demo
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/cron_jobs
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/docs
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/achievements-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/admin-dashboard-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/admin-login-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/ai-chat
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/analytics-computation-cron
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/analytics-dashboard
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/automated-content-generator
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/automated-reports
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/bulk-upload-users
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/clone-community-template
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/community-management
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/content-management-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/content-repository-manager
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/conversation-history
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/courses-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/create-admin-user
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/create-bucket-assets-temp
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/create-bucket-content-thumbnails-temp
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/create-community-template
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/create-demo-user
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/enhanced-file-upload
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/enhanced-progress-tracking
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/folders-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/image-upload
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/learning-path-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/learning-path-validator
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/manage-user-tags
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/mastery-assessment-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/milestone-validation-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/page-builder-bulk-create
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/page-builder-content-generator
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/page-structure-manager
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/pdf-upload
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/process-csv-upload
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/program-enrollment-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/programs-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/setup-admin
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/setup-admin-final
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/simple-wods-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/streak-tracking-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/system-health-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/track-user-activity
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/track-user-progress
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/update-user-password
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/wods-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/functions/workout-blocks-api
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/migrations
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/tables
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/tests
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/tests/achievements
extracted_backup/agent_workspace/supabase/tests/enhanced-progress
